feat(modulo-controller): add missing docs (#112)
aica-technology/modulo: source/modulo_controllers/README.md

# modulo-controllers

> ROS2 control interface classes for controllers in the AICA framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ROS 2 control interface classes for controllers in the AICA framework.
```

the robot base frame and applied to the Cartesian state of the robot that is available through `get_cartesian_state()`.

### General behavior

The `command_half_life` parameter is used to attenuate any dynamic commands (velocities, accelerations or torques) in
case no new commands are received (i.e. if `set_joint_command()` was not called since the last controller update).

At each control step, the last command is scaled by a decay factor to cause an exponential fall-off towards zero. The
decay factor is calculated in terms of the desired command half-life based on the control frequency.
At the half-life time, the command value will be reduced by half. For example, a controller with a command half-life
of 0.1 seconds will have the output command reduced by 50%, 25%, 12.5% and 6.25% at 0.1, 0.2, 0.3 and 0.4 seconds
respectively.

The `command_rate_limit` parameter sets an upper bound on how much a command interface value can change at each
control step. It is expressed in units per second. For example, a controller with a rate limit of 5.0 commanding the
joint velocity interface at 100Hz (a control period of 0.01 seconds) will only allow the joint velocity to change by

> up to 0.05 radians per second at each control step, or at 5.0 radians per second, per second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
up to 0.05 radians per second at each control step, or at 5.0 radians per second squared.
```

right?

Author: I think the Doc found it better this way - or even wrote it himself because that's not something I'd write :smile:

Reviewer: Then this is beyond me and my English :stuck_out_tongue:, and  in any case it's correct as is
